Bump FDC local toolkit to v1.3.3. (#7544)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed bug where `esbuild` execution was throwing an error saying "Command line too long" on Windows (#7250, #6193). (#7395)
- Automatically detect app platform during `init dataconnect:sdk`.
- Support `sharp` ^0.33.x for web frameworks. (#7517)

> - Update Firebase Data Connect toolkit to v1.3.3, which includes minor bug fixes. (#7544)

Reviewer: - [added] Foreign key reference fields are implicitly indexed.
- [added] Support multiple generated SDK Options as a list.

Let's mention those two here. Pretty big changes.

> - Update Firebase Data Connect toolkit to v1.3.3, which includes minor bug fixes. (#7544)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update Firebase Data Connect toolkit to v1.3.3, which adds support for implicit indexing of foreign key references and support for generating multiple SDKs for a single platform. (#7544)
```
